# EstimatePro_v1
 
There are specialized engineers who are involved for estimation of the watershed structures. There are series of steps involved in generating a single estimate. If any changes are to be made in the design or any adjustment in the estimate then it is very much hectic as you have to go through all the series of steps before arriving at any final conclusion. In order to avoid all these problems a software can be developed for generating the estimate of a pond which only requires the length, breadth, depth of pond and a few more interactive easy to understand options for calculation. If any minor changes is required, it can be easily entertained and a new estimate report can be generated again. The report contains all the necessary information that are present in a standard estimate report. It will be saved for any future reference or use.

Estimate pro has been developed for efficiently calculating the estimate of the pond. Estimate reports are generated instantly and saved for future use. There are provisions of adding beneficiary information’s along with other official details. The amount calculations are done based on standard PWD SOR-2011. Rates can be added, modified as well as deleted as and when required. The old estimates can be viewed and incorrect estimates which is a result of human errors can also be deleted. The report has a page of information regarding the beneficiary information’s along with other official details. The second page contains the measurement details of the pond in cross-sectional view as well as a plan. The third page contains all the selected schedule rates and their respective quantities with total amount at the side, all in a tabular format.
